- Hello? - Is this Ms. Yoon Ji Ho?
Yes, who is it?
It's me, the alley guy.
The alley guy?
Oh, you're the guy I met when I was looking for Bok Nam.
Yes, that's right.
What's happening?
I had something to ask you.
- Do you have a note beside you? - A note?
Yes, I do.
What about a pen?
I have a pen too.
- What about a boyfriend? - A boy...
- Pardon? - Do you have a boyfriend?
I don't have...
a boyfriend.
I'll be going.
Why would you ask me that?
I saw Bok Nam in the alley.
He was walking around alone again.
Really? Did Bok Nam run away from home again?
But...
it has nothing to do with me now.
I'm sure they found a new staff already.
Should I tell you the name of the restaurant?
You can call them directly.
The same alley I saw you last time.
- Pardon? - Come there by 11:30am.
Find Bok Nam by then.
Hello? But why should I...
Hello?
What was the time again?
Was it 11am?
It's 11:30am.
The dog is all by himself.
Yes, it's because I don't have a job.
I have time on my hands.
What? You're always napping too.
What?
- Is he a celebrity? - Seriously.
- He's so handsome. - No kidding.
What is going on?
We're screening profiles,
and we found the hottest member that signed up to date.
No way. That's the highest score.
- I'm so jealous. - He made it.
Isn't that the highest score we've had so far?
We never had any male members get above nine.
- Yes. - He's the first.
This means he's the type young people like these days.
- He's a pappy-like guy. - A puppy-like guy.
- How old is he? - He's 24.
That means I'm two years older.
(Diamond score: 9.18)
- Mom! - Dad.
Why did you make such an ugly face? You surprised me.
Look who's talking.
What about Bok Nam?
Follow me.
Wait...
Why are we going in there? What about Bok Nam?
Come in so we can find him.
No.
I can't go in here.
I didn't make the cut.
What?
Didn't the owner ask you to find Bok Nam?
Exactly.
He asked me to find his dog when we first met,
but he never called me after.
That must mean I didn't get the job.
What? Why?
How can you fail an interview after going to university?
It's possible...
It could be my age or my experience.
The owner might find me uncomfortable.
Uncomfortable? No way.
How can he feel uncomfortable with you?
You look like a complete pushover.
How can he not recognize you?
He really has no talent in recruiting.
Is this a compliment?
Of course.
You're working hard today because of Bok Nam again.
The owner is horrible.
He was the one that asked you to find his dog first.
How can he fail you for a part-time job?
Let's go in.
We should find out why he failed you at least.
Why should I?
Excuse me!
Please wait one moment. Thank you.
Gosh.
Hey, Bok Nam. You jerk.
It's been so busy. Where have you been?
Bok Nam?
That's why I brought a new part-time worker.
Hey, Bok Nam. I didn't ask you to do this.
Where is Bok Nam anyway?
I'll use her as my assistant starting tomorrow.
Hey, Yeon Bok Nam...
"Bok Nam"...
Fluffy brown hair.
Pink.
Bok Nam was a man?
If you don't hire her, I'll quit.
- What? - What?
I was going to call you,
but the store was busy.
- I see. - Yes.
By the way, I wonder if you think I'm unfit...
but you're forced to hire me due to the pressure from Bok Nam.
No, no. It's fine as long as Bok Nam likes you.
One must like their colleagues.
Then I'll see you tomorrow.
Okay. Thank you.
Excuse me.
Did you get hired?
- Yes. - I'm glad.
Why are you doing this to me?
- Which? - Pardon?
Are you talking about calling you out?
Or not telling you my name?
Or is it about getting you a job? Which one?
Well... All three.
Bok Nam! You need to make a delivery...
- right now. - Okay.
Come here.
Why?
Didn't you just ask me a question?
What's wrong with you?
I was told to make a delivery.
Get on. I'll tell you when we get there.
- Really? - I said, get on.
I'm busy.
The kimchi was good.
Let's try and eat lunch outside of the office.
Let's be humane.
It's Se Hee's wife.
Here.
You should take it easy.
Tell me. Why did you do that?
Why do you think? It's because I like you.
Me?
Who else?
Yes, sir. Yes.
I'm nearby. Can I come now?
Yes. Yes.
- See you tomorrow. - Wait.
I think I made you misunderstand.
I don't have a boyfriend,
but I have a husband.
It must be her little brother.
They look exactly the same.
What are you talking about? We saw her brother at the wedding.
- So what? - Pardon?
So what if you have a husband? What should I do?
If you have a husband, can't you have a boyfriend?
(Episode 6: Because This Is My First YOLO)
He said what?
"If you have a husband, can't you have a boyfriend?"
Then what did you say?
Nothing. I was too stunned to say anything.
Kids these days are so bold.
How old is he again? 24?
Yes. He's 24.
How can he play such a joke?
Soo Ji, work hard at your job.
Even if it's hard, hang in there until the end. Okay?
There's nothing I can do after I quit being a writer.
I'm halfway to being 60, but I'm working with a guy...
that's younger than my brother while being made fun of.
I don't think that's something you should say to someone...
who gets made fun of by old men every day.
Sorry.
What about Ho Rang? Isn't the restaurant closed today?
She's in complete shock right now.
Why?
But you love me.
Of course. You know I can't live without you.
But I don't know if getting married is the same as loving someone.
- What? - Marriage is about having kids...
and being responsible.
So how I can do such things?
Love and marriage...
are separate things.
Wake up, Ho Rang.
It's no time for you to be like this.
Who could it be? Did they forget our radish?
I have it right here.
Who is it?
Me! Me!
What happened? I thought you couldn't come.
Recommend some books for me.
Books? To read?
Why do you need books?
What kind of books?
About reproduction of mankind and the necessity of marriage.
Why? Is this about Won Seok?
Are you all right?
Did you go insane from the shock?
No. I have a clearer head now.
What? He loves me, but he's unsure about marriage?
If he says that, did he think I'd go...
"If you love me,"
"why am I not in your future?"
Should I be crying to myself in my room?
Who does he take me for?
I'm getting goosebumps.
At this rate, she'll go to Cannes.
You know, don't you?
It took me seven years to fix Won Seok from an AlphaGo...
to the perfect boyfriend he is today.
I've only trained him to be a boyfriend until now.
I'll have to turn him into a husband material.
I'm going to the bookstore, so chat me book titles.
Hey, eat before you go.
Forget it. I have no time to chat around with you.
A guy born in 1994 asked for Ji Ho's number.
Hey.
1994? How old is that?
24.
- Bring out the soju. - All right.
- You're late. - Yes.
Did the cat throw up?
Yes, I guess so.
I saw it after I came home.
Will she be okay? Is she sick?
Sometimes, cats throw up for no reason,
but I should take her to the vet just in case.
If you're getting off work late, in the afternoon...
I just feel a bit uncomfortable.
She is my cat,
and someone else is calling her by a different name.
It's uncomfortable.
Pardon? In the afternoon?
Oh, I'm going to work in the afternoon.
I found a job.
Yes. YOLO cafe near my office.
I saw you near the company this afternoon.
You were riding on the back seat of the motorbike.
Right, I went nearby the company a while ago. Did you see?
The part-timer there told me to hop on because we were busy.
That punk is too playful.
Since the first day...
You seem to have gotten close with him since the first day.
With that part-timer.
Well... It's just because we work together there.
You just work together there, but you seem to be very close...
with that part-timer.
I'll let you rest then.
Well...
Are you mad at me by any chance?
No. Why would I be?
He's right. Why would he be?
There's no way.
Maybe he's down because of the cat.
- Goodness. - It's good.
(Come to YOLO Cafe, Age 24, Living in Seoul, College Student)
It's that man from earlier.
- Right? - You're right.
Maybe he works part-time at YOLO Cafe.
They recently opened.
I heard Ji Ho was looking for a part-time work.
They must be colleagues.
But it's strange for a part-timer to drive such a bike.
- Isn't it around 40,000 dollars? - Some cost double the amount.
You have a point.
Why does he work part-time when he owns this expensive bike?
It doesn't make sense.
(Come to YOLO Cafe, Age 24, Living in Seoul, College Student)
(Occupancy Application)
Shall I turn off the lights?
Later after I'm done watching this.
What are you watching?
Ho Rang.
Why are you watching that? It's not like you.
Sorry, please understand. I'm on my ovulation day.
What does it have to do with that video?
Women experience a sharp rise in Luteinizing hormone in this period.
What?
It causes the increase in estrogen levels.
Maybe it's because I have more desire in breeding...
that I instinctively look for these muscular men.
What are you doing?
So you're saying that you have a high level of...
estrogen, right?
A strong boyfriend like myself is here...
to release your hormones.
I need to find my reason of existence tonight.
I'm sorry, but I don't think I can do it tonight.
What are you talking about?
It's true that women's sexual desire is the highest during this period.
Still, they don't allow any man as their partners.
Psychologically speaking, females instinctively look for...
a safe and stable man who can protect them.
We have no intention in marriage,
so I think my body instinctively takes you as a dangerous factor.
It's the same for certain type of birds too. The female birds...
leave their partners if the male birds don't build a stable nest.
What, birds?
I didn't know there were such birds.
Anyway, it's about animals.
You and I are not birds.
Humans are animals too. Haven't you read "The Selfish Gene"?
“Humans are survival machines blindly programmed to preserve..."
"the selfish molecules known as genes."
You sure you read that book?
So please understand during my ovulation period.
I need a means to release my desire.
- Ho Rang. - Yes?
Do you love me?
Of course. You know that I can't live without you.
Then stop watching that stuff and sleep with me.
I've given it some thought after listening to your opinion.
There's a chance of pregnancy if I sleep with you.
We have to think about possible risks no matter how careful we are.
I can't do such a thing with someone unsure.
So...
I won't sleep with you just because I love you.
What?
It's hard.
This thought comes to my mind from time to time.
"Are love and sexual desire the same thing?"
Ho Rang.
Where did you get those glasses?
I bought them today.
They've got a new part-timer in the optician's near home.
He looks like this guy.
You're up early.
Yes, I have to work starting today.
I didn't get to have breakfast yet.
I see.
You want one?
It's nice to have it as a breakfast substitute.
Thank you.
- You get off at the next station? - Yes.
The cafe is located near the company.
I know.
Come if you have time.
I'd like to avoid situations...
in which we have to act like a married couple.
Never mind.
I'll see you at home later.
Ji Ho.
- Ji Ho? - Then how should I call you?
You're older than me, but you're still cute.
- I'll call you by your name. - What?
Still, don't be too casual to me.
I'm more conservative than I look.
I don't want my date to treat me too casually.
Are there private lessons that teach people those flirting skills?
He's unbelievable.
- Wash these too, please. - Okay.
No, let me do it.
I'm almost done already.
Where did you get the hair tie?
I bought it on my way to work.
You look much prettier with your hair tied like this.
What? Well, you've never...
seen me tie my hair.
I've never tied my hair in here before.
That's... I'm just saying you might look much prettier.
Tie your hair. You have such a pretty neckline.
Are you at work? What about the young part-timer?
Was he surprised when you said you're married?
No, he didn't seem surprised at all.
What? Does he still try to flirt with you?
I don't know.
I don't know if he just wants to fool around or really likes me.
Earlier, he even bought me a hair tie and said he would tie my hair.
What? Isn't that sexual harassment?
How dare he?
What a pervert.
We should show him a lesson.
- Ji Ho, just wait for a bit. - We'll be there soon.
I'm sorry. You said you wanted no whipped cream.
I totally forgot. I will make it again.
Please don't do that. It's totally fine.
I lose my weight easily. I'm fine with the cream now.
Thank you so much. I will drink every drop of it.
Here's your lavender tea.
Please be careful. It's really hot.
Enjoy.
Guys. You said it was sexual harassment.
You said you were going to show him a lesson.
My friend, this is a chance to make your lifetime memory.
You are insane. Be quiet.
Should I not get married?
I don't think I've experienced the world enough.
What's wrong with you?
- Thank you, sir. - We enjoyed the meal.
Don't worry about it. I'm your boss. I can do this.
It didn't even cost me 1,000 dollars.
Se Hee will pay for your desert!
- Awesome! - That's amazing!
Let's go where Ji Ho works.
It's really good.
- It's also famous around here. - Okay.
Let's go!
- Okay! - I love cake!
- Are you buying us cake? - I love it!
- Hello. - Ji Ho!
- Hi! - Hello.
We came here for some cake.
I see the cake!
- Look at the color. - It looks delicious.
- The chocolate one looks good. - This one looks good too.
- I like this one. - If you want a chocolate cake...
Take your pick.
Could you please recommend anything?
- Se Hee is buying today. - Really?
The cheesecake and the chocolate cake are popular.
- I want blueberry cheesecake. - I want chocolate mousse cake.
- I want cheesecake. - I want Tiramisu.
- Should I have the chocolate one? - How about Tiramisu?
- Are you ready to order? - Yes.
Seven cups of Americano, please.
No cakes?
No cakes.
Who wants the iced coffee?
No one?
Are you not embarrassed?
Cakes weren't that expensive. How can you not pay for that?
Your salary is the highest here.
It's very embarrassing.
Sadly, my expenses for this month are the highest too.
When I fully pay back for my loan, I will pay for the company dinner.
I will buy you guys beef.
When will that be?
The year 2048.
Will I be able to chew properly?
Do you think you'll be alive?
You have 31 years left until 2048.
Don't you need to be alive to pay for the company dinner?
What is this?
It's on me.
- Awesome! - Thank you!
You are such a nice person.
Personally, I want to ask you something.
Are you from a loving, happy, and rich family...
for generations?
I saw your bike outside. It's not something you can buy...
by yourself because it's expensive.
Are you like a son of a famous and rich family?
Maybe you are training yourself here as the successor.
No, it's not something like that.
I just moved to a semi-basement room...
to buy that.
Really?
You sacrificed your house for your motorcycle.
You only live once, YOLO.
You are living your life.
I only live once. I don't want to waste my life paying back loans.
I think the people who are called, "House Poor",
are a bit pathetic.
You don't have to think they are pathetic.
Everyone has a different goal.
That can't be a goal.
You are just not taking care of your life.
How can you sacrifice your life for getting a house?
You should enjoy every moment of your life.
You want to believe you are enjoying every moment of your life.
YOLO is a nihilistic spending pattern.
You know you can't earn much and you can't save at all.
So you just want to spend it all...
to forget your miserable situation.
To forget?
Your view is very different from me. Is it because you learned a lot?
Well, please enjoy the sweet cakes and forget about your stress today.
- Please enjoy. - Thank you.
He's such a sweet guy.
What a sweet man. He's lovely.
- Let's eat! - Thanks.
We enjoyed the dessert.
I will see you at home.
I see. Are you coming home late?
If nothing happens, I will be able to come home soon.
I see. I'll see you at home.
Okay.
Are you coming home late, Ji Ho?
If nothing happens, I will be able to come home soon like you.
Why?
Just asking.
Take care.
Ji Ho, take care.
Bye.
Do you know...
if the YOLO guy has a girlfriend?
I'm not sure, but I don't think so.
- I'm leaving. - Bye.
What are you going to do?
What? What are you talking about?
That YOLO boy. He's into Ji Ho.
Don't you need to be concerned about it?
Why would I do that?
You are her husband.
Even though I'm her husband, that doesn't mean I have a right...
to tell my wife what to do with her own social life.
That's Ji Ho's workplace that Ji Ho chose.
Whatever happens there, it's about Ji Ho's office life.
I can't tell her what to do because I'm her husband.
I expected it, but your marriage sounds very much like you, Se Hee.
But you should show her your jealousy a bit.
Girls sometimes like their men getting jealous.
Jealousy?
Are you sure you are talking to me now?
Yes, you were jealous for the whole time while you were there.
I wasn't.
Then why are you looking at the same thing again and again?
You are reading the weather report for an hour.
There are lots of things to read when it comes to the weather report.
I see.
What is that inappropriate attitude?
Bo Mi, I want you to apologize.
Here's the weather report.
I'm not just looking at the Korean weather.
Look. Here, you can see...
Did you see his cute dimples?
He's amazing.
Isn't he so different from Ji Ho's husband?
They are extremely opposite in terms of looks and lifestyle.
Who would you choose?
House Poor with house or YOLO with no house?
Can I choose no one?
What if they are the only men left on earth?
Who would you go for?
Why do I have to choose 1 when there are only 2?
I will sleep with them both.
Pervert.
So, what's going on with you and Mr. Ma?
What do you mean?
Did you sleep with him or will you? Or are you sleeping with him?
What is going on?
What are you talking about?
We work together.
I see.
I guess you exchange stuffed toys...
instead of the document.
That's adorable.
He said he had some coins, and he did the claw machine game.
He got the prize and just gave it to me.
I was going to throw it away anyway. It's annoying.
I see.
Why is it wearing a belt if you are going to throw it away?
He just gave it to you, right?
It looks exactly like you, you know.
What do you mean?
Am I that ugly?
Is everything okay with you and Won Seok?
Yes, I'm paying him everything back.
It will be slow but painful.
What?
Goodness. I think there was an accident because of an application.
The man met this woman through it...
- and stalked her. - Which application?
Which company's?
Don't worry. It's not your dear Mr. Ma's company.
[VIU Ver] E07 Because This is My First Life
"Because This is Our YOLO"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Unbelievable.
What is it?
Remember the incident where a man locked up a woman...
for 13 hours in a studio apartment?
It says that they met through a game application.
The article just got released.
Won't people think ill of all dating apps including ours?
I think so. People normally just remember...
the fact that they met through an application.
Shouldn't we be ready and take care of stalkers beforehand?
I guess we need to come up with a list of potential criminals...
and make them do decent deeds.
Bo Mi.
Are you taking care of customer satisfaction matters?
Was there anything special?
There were 32 complaints this week,
but they were all about how women don't participate actively.
Please monitor them real time just in case.
If there are any complaints that need followups,
share them right away.
Even if it seems unnecessary.
Okay. I'll share it with you right away.
No, don't share it with me. Share it with Mr. Ma.
Customer satisfaction is not part of my job.
- Okay. - Yes!
Yes, yes, yes.
Yes!
Attention, please.
We can finally launch a global office now.
- Really? - Awesome!
Did you get the investment?
I just talked with Mr. Park.
They're going to confirm it in the Golden Venture meeting.
Mr. Park?
You mean the man whom you wanted to send back to the military?
The guy whom you wanted to meet in India in your next life?
That's right.
If I were to be born as a rich man in India in my next life,
I want to use Mr. Park as my Sudra.
And amazingly, that Mr. Park...
is friends with a guy...
who works as a loan officer at Golden Venture.
Then what will happen...
to Mr. Park whom you'll meet as a Sudra in your next life?
What do you mean? Mr. Park will be...
a Brahman.
A Brahman!
Let's chant our slogan that we haven't chanted for a while.
- We are... - Slaves!
- If they pay us... - We'll do everything!
Everyone should go home early today. I'll go get the investment.
I'm the man you should pick
That's awesome.
- This is great. - It's amazing.
Thank you.
Come on in.
You're here early again.
Congratulations. I heard you might get the investment.
Oh, thanks.
Mr. Park tried really hard for you.
He's not the type that works hard, you know.
It's more important to be good at your work...
than just working hard.
I actually used to work as a manager in Samsun Electronics.
No one's born as a CEO.
I think I went too far last time, thinking I was giving you advice.
You already apologized.
Oh, does that mean you accepted the apology then?
I misunderstood you because you didn't reply.
I wondered why you never answer my text...
and if it's evaporated while being sent to you.
I almost called up the messenger company to complain.
But please accept my apology officially.
I'm sorry.
I'll never act like an old man who likes giving advice.
Okay.
Since today's meeting is really important to you,
don't respond to anything unprofessionally and personally.
Personally?
You mean how I like you?
I'm just kidding.
I've been a CEO for three years even if I don't look it.
I'm not a person that ruins business by being unprofessional.
Hello.
I'm on my way to confirm the investment by Golden Venture.
I'll make sure to get it and help you get your investment too.
Congratulations.
I know you'll get it.
Gosh, I envy him so much.
(End of Ho Rang's ovulation)
Hey.
Sang Goo told me he's going to confirm the investment.
He said he's going to help me if it goes well.
Really? That's great.
Then I guess Se Hee will get a raise too?
I guess. He's one of foundation members.
I think he also has many shares too.
Goodness, that's great for Ji Ho.
She's going to become a wife of an executive before me.
Don't worry.
I'll make sure you live in a luxury when I succeed. Give me a kiss.
Don't. I have to apply toner.
You don't have to.
Don't. It's important to keep my skin moisturized in autumn.
You know what's best for the skin.
I know everything.
Your ovulation ended today, right?
How did you know?
It ended yesterday.
Go and get protection.
I'm all ready.
Ho Rang, my friend made these, and they're very popular.
Let's try them.
You have two of them, right?
We're doing it twice?
You pervert.
Two times? Okay, I'm in.
No, I mean you should wear two of them.
Why should I wear two?
I read in a book that the possibility of failing...
in contraception is 15 percent.
Let's see. Since there's 10 percent chance of getting pregnant...
after my ovulation is over,
Multiplying 15 by 10 equals to 150.
If we divide it...
The possibility of getting pregnant is 1.5 percent.
Can you guarantee that I won't get pregnant?
Ho Rang, when did you do all that math?
Why did you put on the glasses?
Since you won't raise a child and live alone,
you have to be extra careful.
So wear both of them.
Let's be thorough.
- I'll pour you a glass. - Oh, thanks.
I read your investment proposal.
Mr. Yoon said many good things about you...
that I wanted to check it.
You made your company grow big in such a short time.
The prospect of profit seems bright.
Thank you so much for being so kind.
Thank you, Mr. Yoon. Here, let me pour you one.
Oh, sure.
Jin Woo pushed it very hard at the end.
I listen to every word Jin Woo says.
Mr. Yoon.
It sounds like we invest through connections.
This is all thanks to Mr. Jang...
who has such a great eye for investment.
I do admit that,
but I hope I'm right this time.
Of course. It's guaranteed.
I'm flattering you.
Let's drink.
Okay.
Here you go.
- That's good to hear. - Thank you.
Are you going to establish a global office when you get invested?
Where was it? Vietnam?
Yes, everything's ready.
We only need the investment.
That was my initial goal when I started my company.
You know I went to Thailand with Mr. Jang, right?
- And it was the weekends. - I heard.
I heard you played golf for four days.
And you got burned from it.
That's right. I didn't go there on my behalf.
I went there to push your company.
You know how important it is to pitch stories...
while playing golf.
Of course. Those are the important points.
Oh, right. Can I speak casually?
We're of similar age.
Would you feel uncomfortable?
Why would I be?
Age doesn't really matter these days.
Right, Sang Goo? Sang Goo.
Sang Goo.
You better be spanked by Sang Goo.
Oh, what a great night. What were you talking about?
We were talking about your golf trip.
Oh, the trip.
Ms. Woo, what did you do during the holidays?
I just rested at a hotel.
A hotel? Which one?
The one in Nam Mountain.
Oh, you mean Gaya Hotel.
That's a great hotel. It has a nice view.
It's a great for lovers too.
Who did you go with?
I went alone.
I just wanted to take a full rest this year.
You're kidding. You wouldn't do that.
I really went alone.
Be honest. Tell us the truth.
Didn't you go there with your boyfriend?
You're being naughty.
Is this crazy jerk kidding me?
What on earth is he doing? Does he want to get beaten up?
Mr. Ma. What's going on?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I was speaking to myself too loudly.
My friend said something ridiculous through text.
I suddenly got upset.
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
Ms. Woo! Just tell us the truth.
You're just acting like you don't have a boyfriend, right?
Why would you keep that as a secret between us?
Why would I keep it a secret?
That's right. Go on.
I also want to hear how young people have dates these days.
Is this jerk serious?
You should act like your age, you jerk.
Should I hurt you?
Do you want me to cut your hands off?
What's wrong with this scum?
I'm sorry.
I know I look pretty,
but I'm very hot-tempered.
If I don't make my friend a decent human,
I think I'm going to regret it all my life. That's why I was upset.
I'm sorry!
I'm so sorry!
Se Hee, get in.
He brought his car today.
No, thanks. I'll just take the bus.
Get in, Se Hee.
Your house is on the way anyway. I'll drop you off.
Good work.
You too. Thank you.
The bus will arrive soon.
Did you finish work?
Ji Ho.
How could you go home alone when I was delivering the food?
Get on.
It's okay. I'll take the bus.
I know. You're sitting at a bus stop.
You're right.
Is your husband picking you up?
- No, it's not that. - If not, just get on.
I'm faster than the bus.
Why did he insist on taking the bus? What's the mindset behind that?
What mindset?
His personality is just weird.
- Please let me off over there. - Okay.
Why are you going to Itaewon all of a sudden?
Are you meeting your friends?
No, I'm just spending time with myself.
I see.
See you tomorrow.
Bye, Bo Mi.
Mr. Jang, I'm so sorry for today.
It's okay. Keep up the good work.
Safe trip home.
Mr. Ma, I didn't know you would ruin what's already a done deal.
What are you talking about?
I'm sorry anyway.
I won't be seeing you for a while.
Global office, my foot.
Bye.
- Did you call for a driver service? - Yes.
Let's go.
Why did you do that?
I told you to not take anything personally and be professional.
You said you'd do that.
I didn't do that for my personal gain.
That was me being professional.
I always care about you,
wonder what you're doing,
and I always miss you.
This is me being professional.
- Mr. Ma. - I just don't like it!
I hate it when they play dirty with you.
I almost blew their heads off.
So...
can you not scold me today?
They are the ones that did wrong.
Why would you scold me?
You're being cute.
You look like a baby when you smile.
But you look scary in general.
This is...
This is where I've been to. Unit 303.
You said you don't remember it, right?
Sir, please stop here.
I'm sorry, but you should go by yourself from here.
What? Why are you like this again?
Did I do something wrong?
No, but I don't want to do something wrong now.
What?
If we spend more time together, I might sleep with you.
Oh, and the room number wasn't 303. It was 304.
Our room, I mean.
What is she doing?
She remembers.
She is such a fox.
The sky looks beautiful.
Look at the fine dust!
What is this?
What is this? It's a date.
What?
Stop frowning. I'm just joking.
Come with me.
I told you. It's great.
You haven't done anything like this for a while, right?
You are right.
I haven't looked at the sky like this for years.
The night view of Seoul...
You just got married.
Isn't it weird that you haven't seen something like this for a while?
Do you not go on a date with your husband?
Well, we do.
Like what? Drinking beer at home?
Watching TV?
Or drinking beer while watching TV at home?
Bok Nam.
Yes?
I thought you were just joking at first.
You are even younger than my brother.
So I just thought you were cute and didn't even think much about it.
But I don't think I can think you are joking anymore.
The view is beautiful,
and I think you are beautiful to bring me here.
I want to feel...
how beautiful everything is at this moment.
But I can't.
I started to think...
this is uncomfortable, Bok Nam.
Is it because of your husband?
No, it's not.
It's because of me.
I don't know if you are being nice to me...
or fooling around now.
But it doesn't matter. I'm married anyway.
That makes me feel uncomfortable.
I'm looking at such a great view now.
But I just...
can't stop feeling uncomfortable.
What if you were not married?
Would you have felt everything beautifully?
Would you have enjoyed this view?
Would you have been enjoyed what I do for you?
Yes.
I would have felt very happy...
if I were not married.
You are a young, good-looking man.
And you are showing me a beautiful view.
It would have been weird not to be happy about it.
Am I young and good-looking?
You know it too.
You are young and good-looking.
I can read it from your face.
"I know I'm pretty amazing."
"Don't you think I look good?"
Can you see that?
Yes.
It must be annoying at times.
A little bit.
I didn't know you would know that.
Take this.
I bought it when I dropped by the bookstore.
I've heard that writers read a lot. Am I wrong?
I heard it from the boss. You used to be a writer.
Do you like this writer? I like him a lot.
I don't know. I don't read much.
I just liked the cover.
I haven't read much, and I haven't learned much.
So I'm very simple.
So don't feel uncomfortable.
I understood what you said today.
I wasn't actually being serious.
I just thought you were cute and easy.
I thought I could get close to you by drinking beer and looking at...
the nice view after work.
Easy?
You know that too.
You know you are cute because of that.
Are you getting back at me?
I am.
Okay.
We can drink beer after work from now on.
I'll talk more freely to you then.
I'm your easygoing coworker.
You can't treat me like that all of a sudden though.
- You are home. - Yes.
- Kitty... - She puked again.
Did you go to the vet?
Not yet. I couldn't because of my work.
I should definitely go tomorrow.
I can go if you are busy.
I can change my schedule. I just need to talk to Bok Nam.
I will go.
It's okay.
It's not in our contract either. You don't have to do that.
I can use my lunch time.
Okay.
Did you...
take the bus home?
What?
Did you take the bus home?
But...
do I have to answer to that?
You don't have to do that.
That's what I thought.
- Did you just get off work? - Yes.
Oh, I dropped Ji Ho off today...
because it's dangerous at night.
Since it's dangerous,
- don't take her home anymore. - Pardon?
It's more dangerous when you take her home,
so don't take her home.
Why not? Do I seem like a dangerous person?
Someone who has nothing to lose...
running away from the reality?
It seems like those words bothered you much.
I didn't mean it that way.
I meant that the motorcycle could be more dangerous.
I decide if I take her home by my motorcycle, not you.
You're wrong.
It's not up to us. It's up to Ji Ho.
What rights do we have to decide how she goes home?
I only gave you my opinion.
Since Ji Ho is not good at rejecting,
I hope you don't suggest her...
to take your motorcycle first.
Is it because you went to college?
You're so logical.
Unlike you, I'm uneducated and irrational.
I have to get what I want.
Se Hee, I'm sending this because I can't reach Mr. Ma.
I'm sending you the complaints I received today.
(Come to YOLO Cafe.)
(Complaint: Stalking)
(We often misunderstand others. We can't say we get how others feel.)
(We often misunderstand others.)
This is nice.
We often misunderstand others.
We can't say we get...
how others feel.
Instead,
(You only love one. Bok Nam.)
you have to say, "I can't understand what I say either."
You have to say that.
If we don't try hard,
we won't...
understand each other.
(Because This Is My First Life)
That's really expensive.
- Do you want to know the price? - Not really.
How much is it?
Isn't it unbelievable?
No, it's not as expensive as I thought.
I bet that costs around the same as a medium-sized car.
I'm also a CEO of a start-up company.
- It's a "Get Up" app. - "Get Up".
Why did you make it?
Does that make money?
Since today is our first day, I'll give you just one flower.
What's with you?
The complaint was about a stalking.
How and who reported the complaint?
I'm also avoiding situations...
where we have to act like a married couple.
I can fix the motorcycle and a woman's heart.
Do you think your husband will come for you...
if something happens here?